Implemented  soft_time_limit option for jobs (#1306)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

A boolean that designates whether the job is able to make changes to data in the database. The value defaults to `False` but when set to `True`, any data modifications executed from the job's code will be automatically aborted at the end of the job. The job input form is also modified to remove the `commit` checkbox as it is irrelevant for read-only jobs. When a job is marked as read-only, log messages that are normally automatically emitted about the DB transaction state are not included because no changes to data are allowed. Note that user input may still be optionally collected with read-only jobs via job variables, as described below.

#### `soft_time_limit`

> An int or float value which can be used to implement a soft time limit in seconds for a job task to complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An int or float value, in seconds, which can be used to override the default [soft time limit](../configuration/optional-settings.md#celery_task_soft_time_limit) for a job task to complete. 
```

> The `celery.exceptions.SoftTimeLimitExceeded` exception will be raised when this soft time limit is exceeded. The job task can catch this to clean up before the hard time limit (10 minutes by default) is reached:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `celery.exceptions.SoftTimeLimitExceeded` exception will be raised when this soft time limit is exceeded. The job task can catch this to clean up before the [hard time limit](../configuration/optional-settings.md#celery_task_time_limit) (10 minutes by default) is reached:
```
